I will I will die
Who can talk about a comrade-in-arms who asks guests to prepare?
Guests please take a seat
Whose technician has a bad face?
Mr. Lu, please take a seat
Hey, that's what it looks like
Who is serving me today?
Then sir, Xiaofang is at your service today.
It turned out to be middle age. Continue, okay?
Why is it not ready?
Auntie, is that trash ready to serve?
Ah, that will take a while
Why are you so strange?
If that trash doesn't listen
You train hard
Let him know how to be a good dog
Ah Xuanxuan
Do you know how to be a dog?
Are you serious? Hurry up!
Yes, yes!
I don't want you.
I want
No, it's impossible. What are you talking about?
312 Ah I do
I do